---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

Various ways on contributions and FOSS benefits

There are plenty of ways I can contribute to one or more free open source software projects during the course of this semester. First of all, the most significant thing before contributing to any project is to read through the CONTRIBUTE.md file in the repository of the project. The CONTRIBUTE.md gives me a list of what should I need to do in order to bring improvements to the project, such as fixing bugs under the issue tracker, translate the original file to another programming language, and writing documentation for update logs. Next, after I finishing my contributions, I can send a merge request toward the core-contributors. If the core-contributors adopts my contributions, then I have successfully made contributions. By making a contribution to a FOSS project and following the regulation to CONTRIBUTE.md file I am not only acquiring satisfaction but also making a profit from experiences. For example, FOSS can benefit my personal skills and network by improving my soft skills on communication and collaboration while I am contributing a project with all kinds of people around the world. It can allow me to treat others in polite or well-bred social behavior. Furthermore, if I use FOSS as a preparation for my career, I will able to contribute to projects without having any difficulty that are currently existing in the company. But the premise is I have to understand all the materials in the course of this semster.
