---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---
:clock12: Kevin Fleming's Visit
---
From Kevin Fleming's Speech, it opens up my enthusiasm and curiosity on working open source project at Bloomberg. At first, I thought [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/) was a simple financial app like others in which provide users with real-time financial news. However, the [Bloomberg Professional Service](https://www.bloomberg.com/professional/) not just providing real-time financial news, it also rapidly provides data, news, financial and analytics to individuals and enterprises through two Bloomberg Data Center. The most impressive thing I remember from Kevin's talk was the two large user conferences of Project Jupyter UX Design hosted by Bloomberg in Manhattan, New York. Those conferences were base on the Card Sorting Exercise, which takes all of the file menu options from an application, wrote the options on index cards and let the users lay out what they think the menu should be structured. Then, they analyzed the choices that the users made and construct them into the application. This user-friendly process allows the developer to communicate with the users to receive the user's feedback on structuring the software. It makes me think that Bloomberg was a user-based application.

---
[Why Report Bugs / They Might Never Tell You It’s Broken](https://pointersgonewild.com/2019/11/02/they-might-never-tell-you-its-broken/)
---
Indeed, I extremely agree with the author's perspective on putting yourself into both user and developer points of view of the project that you are working on. Since when you are working as a user,  you can frequently find out different bugs, such as system supports, user interface problems. In addition, you are the creator of the project so you will know how the application response and tackles down the compile error. On the other hand, working as a developer, you can simply solve the errors and bugs that occur while coding. Without doubting it, the person who creates the project is more reliable than the user of the project.

---
Wikipedia
---
After contributing to several open source projects the past few weeks, the most difficult contribution I made was [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wiki). At first, I did some researching on a tea brand in the article on Wikipedia. I found out that the logo of the tea brand was missing in the English Wikipedia page, but it appears in the Chinese Wikipedia page. Since the Chinese Wikipedia page was using the logo, so I decided to upload it into [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Main_Page) and used it as a nonfree copy-righted logo. Later on, I posted the logo picture into the English Wikipedia page and it had been deleted after few hours. I guess it was some mistake that I made when writing the description of the logo picture. Then, I contributed to another article by adding two official webpages with different languages and it was also deleted by the admin after a few hours. Since then, I learned the other language materials are not necessary for the English Wikipedia webpage, and copy-righted sources must be labeled correctly. Then, I correctly added those two official webpages into two different Wikipedia pages.

---
Team On Next.js!
---
### `March 26, 2020` 
- At noon, my teammates decided to search for grammar mistakes and typo on Next.js and treat it as our first step in making contributions to Next.js. While they were finding their own contributions towards Next.js, I was finishing my reading on the Get Started page of Next.js. Since, as a user, I can also contribute to the project.  -- Learn from the above article --

### `March 27, 2020`
- Today, 
