---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

[Musings on business models for open source software](https://spot.livejournal.com/327801.html)
---
I do agree with Callaway's Foresight on customers are starting to see the real values of open source. 
Once an application or software is published, if there are no users using it. The company will eventually 
lose the reasons to improve its own application. However, if it is an open-source project or software, 
it might have other people that are interested in the project. They will continue to contribute and improve the 
project by deploying new features, or bug fixing. 

Working in a company that only produced OPEN SOURCE project?
---
As long as the project is fascinating to me, I would work in a company that only produced open-source software. 
Since open source projects can always "make money".

Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?
---
In my understanding, it is complicated to build a trusted code base that can exist on hardware that is essentially untrusted. Also, finishing the task before November 2020 is also increases the difficulty.  
There are too many things to work on, such as administers permission and prohibiting the connection between both databases. 

Team On Next.js!
---
### `April 28, 2020`
- Have a meeting with my teamates and assign tasks to each others
- Submitted a [PR](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pull/13), added the GET, PUT, DELETE by id of our example

### `April 30, 2020`
- Submitted a [PR](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pull/15), added a sample testing data for our example, and succefully added to database.

Contribution outside of class
---
[Contributions](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020.github.io/chislee0708-weekly/contributions/) - Added four bus stops on OpenStreetMap in week 12


