---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


___Current Situation___

This week is the most changed week, from the day when I travel to school every morning to the day when I taking courses remotely online at home. I had read the [news](https://abcnews.go.com/US/coronavirus-live-updates-us-now-highest-globally-covid/story?id=69733219) today, _the number of cases in the U.S. soared to more than 24,000 while New York now has more than 11,000 cases_, in which this was about 50 percent of the infected were at New York. This was quite astonishing and frightening to me because the number of cases was only hundreds in last week and rapidly increase to 24,000 this week in the US. People in the city were starting to snap up all the necessary items in the supermarket, not just masks or isopropyl rubbing alcohol but also toilet papers and rice. In my neighborhood, people have been waited on the line for at least an hour to enter the supermarket and get their supplies. Although Governor Cuomo told us to buy food for at least two weeks, things could get worse. Since many people were unable to work from home, expenditures per household have increased significantly, even with a thousand-dollar check from the government. I have been staying at home, without taking a step outside of my house for a week and hoping things will get better in half-year. 

___Continue on Next.js___

This week was a new week for our group TON, we had changed to remote communication on skype from in-class communication. We discussed our plan for the project and also set up a weekly conference. In week one, we tested out the shared-screen function on skype. However, the microphone testing on Skype wasn't quite satisfied, it was poorer than the testing on the Blackboard Collaborate. Liulan, one of our teammates, shared a [video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IkOVe40Sy0U) of Next.js, it was basically the same as the one on Next.js [Getting Started](https://nextjs.org/learn/basics/getting-started) page. Under the video instruction and the getting started page help, I have successfully created a local Html page. In my opinion, I think Next.js was a command-line interpreter that translates JavaScript code into Html code in which gives a more convenient way for users. In addition, we found a Next.js [handbook](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-next-js-handbook/) written by Flavio Copes,which is also a tutorial on FreeCodeCamp. Since most of us need to prepare for the Coronavirus, we decided to allocate more time to examine the contribution of our project and postpone the selection to next week or the week after. 

___Contribution outside of class___

[Contributions](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020.github.io/chislee0708-weekly/contributions/) - Modified three existing buildings by adding the name of the building and added two bus stops on OpenStreetMap in Week 8.




