---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---


[Balancing Makers and Takers to scale and sustain Open Source](https://dri.es/balancing-makers-and-takers-to-scale-and-sustain-open-source)
---
In Dries's article, the ideas of sustain and scale Open Source Projects are distinct and profound. 
I agreed with his explanation of Makers and Takers. In the rule of thumb, he mentioned, 
Takers were only focusing on the gains obtained from their private business and not caring about the open source project they worked on. 
On the other hand, Makers care about the gains from both of their businesses and the open source project they worked on. 
If both Takers and Makers are working on the same project. Since the Takers willing to invest more in their private businesses, 
the Takers' advantages were strong higher than the Makers, which was the opensource projects. When Makers found out there was no profit to make, 
the behavior of Takers will eventually make the Makers become Takers. Soon, it will destroy the open source project or the community.

In my opinion, the Prisoner's Dilemma was not sensible to happen in an open source project. 
There must be someone who was not going to follow the rule or someone who did not wash the dishes as he mentioned. 
Since, one rotten apple spoils the barrel, the one who was not following the rule will get the most advantages and profits within 
the open source project. However, the three models he mentioned, self-governance, 
privatization, and centralization were much more sensible in open source projects. Nowadays, 
these three models were clearly running in governments around the world. This article has impressed me about the Open Source 
governance models.


Team On Next.js!
---
### `May 6, 2020`
- Shania and Michelle fixed the Unhandeling and Overwriting the Schema errors [PR#19](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pull/19)
- I have added the the procedures of importing seed data into MongoDB in the README [PR#19](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pull/20).

### `May 7, 2020`
- I had fixed the pet order in our database and added a  sample styling of the navigation bar [PR#24](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pull/24)
- Liulan had made us an app logo for our example.


### `May 10, 2020`
- Shania had made a pull request of refactoring styling of the navagation bar and run a code review to seek out unused components. [PR#28](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pull/28)

Contribution outside of class
---
[Contributions](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020.github.io/chislee0708-weekly/contributions/) - Added four bus stops on OpenStreetMap in week 13


