---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


___Comments on *[Open Source is Not About You](https://gist.github.com/richhickey/1563cddea1002958f96e7ba9519972d9)*___

After reading this article, I think "open source" means the combination of responsibility, cooperation, and respect for others. First, you must choose what you can do and be responsible for what you are doing, rather than choosing or completing tasks that cannot be done. Also, if you want any new features in your project, you must make and complete other requests yourself and your own contributions. Second, working in an open-source is similar to working in a team. Maintenance staff often interact with each other to discuss community issues. These issues are divided into certain categories, bug reports, assessment patches, new features, error handling, and tool development. Issues are then assigned to different maintainers and contribute together. In addition, as an open-source project user, you have no rights at all. Only those who run the project have the right to declare how open source “should” work, and their rights apply only to their own projects.

___Wikipedia___

As far as I know, Wikipedia is not just an online encyclopedia, it is also a no ending encyclopedia and it is impossible to be complete. Others are allowed to edit on any articles in Wikipedia after reading the tutorial, which will lead to an enormous and abundant encyclopedia. The basic editing includes adding a summary of an article and uploading an image for an article to use. While writing the summary, the formatting of the summary is similar to git. Both of them have apostrophes and square brackets, but Wikipedia uses two square brackets at the beginning and end of a sentence to make it to a URL link. Wikipedia also has a discussion page of each article where you can ask questions or discuss how to improve Wikipedia pages. I think the most difficult and significant part of making a contribution to Wikipedia is the authenticity of the facts posting in the article. Since anyone can edit it, people can edit inauthenticity summary or facts of an article. The page that I might find articles for me to edit is the [Recent change](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Special:RecentChanges). I think this is a good place because it shows new articles that just been edit, where new articles are often lacking photos and information. 

___Contribution outside of class___

[Contributions](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020.github.io/chislee0708-weekly/contributions/) - Modified three existing buildings by adding the name of the building and relocated a point of a restaurant on OpenStreetMap in Week 7.
