---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

Project Evaluation

1. My first Candidate is [Kagerou](https://github.com/hibiyasleep/kagerou), which is an Active Combat Tracker skin for Final Fantasy 14. It is under a Free Copyright license created by the creator of the project, Kuriyama Hibiya, which allows people to redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU license. The repository only has a README file, a License, and a contribution guideline, it doesn't have CODE OF CONDUCT file. In my opinion, there are only 36 issues in the issues tracker and one pull request, which means that the completion of the project is very high. Since this is a small project, I choose this as my first candidate because I wanted to use Kagerou as a reference to create a skin for my future project. 

2. My second Candidate is [Inkscape](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape/-/tree/master), which is an open-source drawing tool with capabilities similar to illustrator. The README of this project in its repository is pretty straight forward, not only introducing the idea of Inkscape but it also gives us an instruction file on how to install. This project is under GPL, LGPL, and MPL licenses. Furthermore, the people in the community were very active. There are at least 40 closed issues in the issues tracker in each month, which means the people in the community are spending most of their time contributing to the project. In my opinion, I think I will learn some dimensional coding experiences while contributing to the project. 
