---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

**Project Evaluation in class**

   My teammates, Shania Dhani, Michelle Lucero and I selected [Godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot) as our project to evaluate. Since we were a team, we divided the questions in the template into parts. Shania was assigned as the writer, Michelle and I were assigned as the researchers. Most of the answers were very obvious, but there were a few questions that were complicated, especially the questions under the activity level. The time it took to complete all the questions in the activity level was about same amount of time it took to finish the rest. Not only because the questions in the activity level were long, but it also took more time to do research on the activity in the community, which includes pull requests, issues, and discussions. I really enjoyed working in this team, both of my teammates helped me solve the problem that I was having trouble with. Shania also adapted my answer to be more detailed and specific. Overall, this is a valuable experience for me since I haven't worked on an open-source project in a team.

---

**Project's Final Decisions**

   Upon the projects in project suggestions, my rank one project is [Godot](https://github.com/godotengine/godot). Since the issues in the issues tracker are opened and closed in a short amount of time, it can provide me a rapid response to the problems that I am going to have in the contribution. My next decision is [Inkscape](https://gitlab.com/inkscape/inkscape). If I have an opportunity to contribute to Inkscape I might be able to learn some dimensional coding. The last one that I choose is [freeCodeCamp](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp). When I saw the name of this open source project I assumed that I would be able to increase the experiences of my coding skills while contributing to the project at the same time. I think these three project will greatly improve my contribution techniques and coding skills.


----

**Contribution outside of class**

   [Contributions](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020.github.io/chislee0708-weekly/contributions/) - Modified three existing buildings by adding the names of the buildings to OpenStreetMap in Week 4-6.
