---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

 [Folding@Home's Covid19 Activity](https://foldingathome.org/covid19/)
---
The article was basically about how to treat the COVID-19 as protein. Folding@home first simulates the Ebola virus as protein and uses 
the computers to run the simulation on calculating the protein movement.
Since the protein movement is similar to the virus, it can be also be tested while proceeding to cure treatment testing simulation. 
Thus, it can find a solution to the treatment of COVID-19.




 :clock12: 	Gil Yehuda, Senior Director of Technology Strategy, Verizon
---
Gil Yehuda gave me a new perspective on open source projects. At the beginning of his speech, he showed us the significance of his speech, including gains from engaging in open source projects. He said that open source is about three things, love, money, and fear. 
I think the concern he mentioned is that the company is worried about the Free Software Movement because it aims to destroy proprietary software and its impact on the company ’s inability to make money. 
Next, he pointed out that the love for open source is about people who can work for you for free. 
In addition, other open-source developers are also good at coding, so we can hire them and use their code on the platform. 
Finally, the company discovered a sensible open-source approach. Making money means not only making money literally but also saving money. Rather than develop it from the beginning, it is better to use what has been developed to spend less.
This speech gave me a new understanding of the open-source project.

Team On Next.js!
---
### `April 7, 2020`
- Michelle brought up an idea of making a Next.js + MongoDB example as our contribution toward Next.js during our first meeting.

### `April 9, 2020`
- As Michelle mentioned before, she then opens an issue and got approved by the core contributor on making a Next.js + MongoDB example. Since I haven't used MongDB before, I started to do research about it.

### `April 12, 2020`
- Started to watch the [MongoDB crash course](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-56x56UppqQ) and try to understand the function and basic command of MongoDB.

### `April 15, 2020`
- Our second meeting, we started to plan out how all of us going to do on the next.js + MongoDB example. It includes the branch protection, all of us have a different working branch in which protecting overwriting the works that each of us have done. 

### `April 17, 2020`
- In our third meeting, Shania shared a Trello Board of our project in which indicates the work separation that each of us has to work on. The way that she planned out the work separation was perfectly done since it was a small project.

### `April 19, 2020`
- Finished the [MongoDB and Next.js tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahAilJEe-_A&t=32s) and started to work on the project.
- Made a [pull request](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pull/4) on the repository of the project as my first sprint or assignment towards the project.

Contribution outside of class
---
Helped and fixed a colleague's blog image posts.





