---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

Skills and Interests

__What skills do I have that would be useful for contributing to a FOSS project?__
- Capable of translating from C++ to Python or Python to C++
- Effectively research and analyze an enormous amount of data
- Multitasking skills
- Design user interface for a FOSS project


__What things are the most interesting to me? I.e., what do I enjoy doing?__
- Read Wuxia fiction novels suchs as _The Return of the Condor Heroes_ and _The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber_
- Study and gain new knowledge from the source code of a FOSS project
- Listen to R&B music
- Face and overcome new challenges
- Coding


__Open Source Contribution Outside the Class__

  I often check out other people's Github repository and discover new FOSS source code that I haven't seen before and use it as a reference for a potential project. For example, [__Auth0 Lock Passwordless__](https://github.com/auth0/lock-passwordless) created by Auth0 is a FOSS project under the MIT license that I recently found on Github. Aut0 Lock Passwordless allows users to log in to certain application by receiving a one-time password via email or text message. After reading some of the source code in the repository, the source code itself is very complicated. However, I think the password that is created by this project is kept in local storage instead of an online website. There are three core-contributors in this project and most of the source codes are written in JavaScript. In the future, I think I can use this FOSS project as a authorization for users to log in to my own project.
  
  
  
