---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

  :clock12: **Vicky Brasseur**	
---
To me, the most impressive idea in Brasseur's talks was the importance of the documentation.
It gives me an image of a FOSS project's soul was the documentation. She mentioned documentation 
of a FOSS project was the information or the manual of a project that in your brain that you wanted to 
put it in another person's brain. Indeed, good documentation needs a decent amount of time and it needed 
to be up to date or maintaining frequently. Also, it was extremely complicated to write good documentation. 
Although writing the documentation was hard, the returns from documentation were invaluable.
New users were able to accomplish their problem with the FOSS project by following the documentation. 
Once they completed, they eventually gained satisfaction from it, and they were more willing to share the FOSS project with 
friends and others. This was the reason why I think the documentation was the soul of a FOSS project.

 [Code.gov](https://code.gov/open-tasks)
 ---
This is the first time I ever heard of code.gov. By looking through the tasks and issues, I thought I found out there is one of the title that I am able to complete, [Resize an Image](https://github.com/GSA/code-gov-front-end/issues/87). However, when I clicked into it, the comments below the title was some other software that I haven't heard of before. Since I had tried to resize an image using python, so it looks interesting to me. 
I would like to do some research about the page in the comments and try to see if I am able to solve this resizing.


[2019 Novel Coronavirus COVID-19 (2019-nCoV) Data Repository by Johns Hopkins CSSE](https://github.com/CSSEGISandData/COVID-19)
---

This project is reporting real-time data of the COVID-19. Since, I had created a simple API webpage of the COVID-19 using Next.js, 
and I think I am able to learn much more not on the API, but also the data collections when contributing the project. 
I would definitely contribute to this project if I have time! The sad news was the confirmed cases in the US were about to reach a million, which is one-third of the total confirmed cases in the world.

Team On Next.js!
---
### `April 21, 2020`
- We had a group meeting with Professor Weiss and he gave us a solution of forking the repository to our own account first then clone it to our local machine 
and then branching it out. This had solved the problem that we have before when we had many different branches in the same repository.

### `April 24, 2020`
- Since my team and I had solved the branch problems, we continue to make PRs on the Next.js and MongoDB example with the works we done on the previous week. By the end of next week, I think we are able to deploy the Next.js and MongoDB example!
[PR# 6-12](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020/next.js/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aclosed)


Contribution outside of class
---
[Contributions](https://hunter-college-ossd-spr-2020.github.io/chislee0708-weekly/contributions/) - Added four bus stops on OpenStreetMap in week 11








